#labels Featured
= Introduction =
So you wanted to compile the priiloader source eh? well, this wiki will explain how using Visual Studio 2008 or Visual C++

= Prequsites =
to compile the source is easy but you need quiet some stuff. what you'll need is :
  * DevkitPPC found [http://www.devkitpro.org/downloads/ here]
  * Visual Studio 2008 or Visual C++
  * a SVN client to download source from. tortoiseSVN recommended
  * A brain (o noez! i don't have one!)

= Guide =

  * Install DevkitPPC (or more if you feel like it) using the DevkitPro installer. note that there should be _NO SPACES IN THE DIRECTORY_ example: C:\DevkitPro
  * Install your SVN Client, throughout the guide ill act like that is tortoiseSVN
  * If Visual Studio/Visual C++ isn't installed yet, do that now

  * Make a folder where the source should be. this should also _NOT_ contain any spaces
  * Right click this folder and choose SVN Checkout. the url of the repository should be http://priiloader.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ and the checkout directory should be set to the folder you just made. click ok and let it get the source from svn.
  * Go into the folder and open the Priiloader.sln. it should open Visual Studio/Visual C++ with the projects of priiloader and the installer on the right. 
  * Get a cert.sys copy from your wii (its in the sys folder) and copy it to the data folder of the priiloader&installer source( priiloader/data & installer/data) and finally rename them to certs.bin 
  * Build :P QUICK NOTE : Debug only builds priiloader. Release builds both
  
  if you want you can also setup wiiload so the build wont error when trying to send the dol to your wii(not that its bad that it does error):
  * Set the environment variable by going to your computer's Control Panel -> System 
  * In the new window click the "Advance" tab Advanced and then click the Environment Variables button
  * Click "new" under either category. The variable name is WIILOAD and the value is tcp:yourIP, where yourIP is the Wii's IP/hostname. Click "OK" here and in System Properties. 

